feat: webapp + wallet sdk / wallet extension + tutorial (#21008)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs-developers/docs/tutorials/js_tutorials/wallet-extension/index.md

│   ├── popup/
│   │   └── popup.tsx         # React popup component
│   └── wallet/
│       ├── wallet-impl.ts    # ExtensionWalletManager - secret generation and encrypted storage
│       └── storage.ts        # Encrypted key storage with CryptoKey pattern
└── dist/                      # Compiled output
```

## Tutorial Sections

1. [**Architecture**](./01-architecture.md) - Understanding service worker limitations and offscreen documents
2. [**Wallet Protocol**](./02-wallet-protocol.md) - Implementing discovery, key exchange, and secure messaging
3. [**PXE Integration**](./03-pxe-integration.md) - Running PXE in an extension and extending BaseWallet
4. [**Account Management**](./04-accounts.md) - Key derivation, encrypted storage, and SchnorrAccountContract
5. [**Transaction Handling**](./05-transactions.md) - The sendTx flow, proofs, and SponsoredFPC
6. [**Approval UI**](./06-approval-ui.md) - Building React popups for user confirmations
7. [**Testing**](./07-testing.md) - Loading the extension and testing with the Pod Racing dApp

## Quick Start

If you want to try the completed wallet before reading the tutorial:

```bash
cd docs/examples/webapp-tutorial
yarn install

> node esbuild.extension.mjs

Reviewer: do we need the artifacts for this? do readers need to do `yarn prep`?

```

Then load it in Chrome:

1. Open `chrome://extensions/`
2. Enable **Developer mode** (toggle in top-right corner)
3. Click **Load unpacked** and select the `test-extension` folder
4. Start the dApp with `yarn dev` and open `http://localhost:5173`
5. Select "Browser Wallet" to connect

## Key Differences from Embedded Wallet

| Feature | Embedded Wallet | Extension Wallet |
|---------|----------------|------------------|
| **Location** | Runs in dApp's page | Runs in extension context |
| **Storage** | localStorage (accessible to dApp) | chrome.storage (isolated) |
| **Security** | Keys visible to dApp | Keys encrypted, never exposed |
| **UX** | No approval needed | Popup for approvals |
| **Setup** | Just import library | User installs extension |
| **Network** | Local development | Devnet (or any network) |

## Next Steps

Start with [Architecture](./01-architecture.md) to understand why this multi-component design is needed, then work through each section to build your wallet.

:::tip Related Resources
- [Webapp Tutorial](../webapp/index.md) - Build a dApp that connects to this wallet

> - [BaseWallet Source](https://github.com/AztecProtocol/aztec-packages/blob/master/yarn-project/wallet-sdk/src/base-wallet/base_wallet.ts) - The class you extend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BaseWallet Source](https://github.com/AztecProtocol/aztec-packages/blob/#include_aztec_version/yarn-project/wallet-sdk/src/base-wallet/base_wallet.ts) - The class you extend
```
